runZero virtual appliance
-------------------------

Credentials:
    username: runzero
    password: runzero

Virtual machine hardware settings:

    Built to target ESXi 7.0

    The VM is preconfigured to:
        Processor: 4 CPUs with 1 core per
        Memory: 32GiB 
        Storage: Up to 1 TiB (SCSI)

    This meets the minimum recommended production requirements for the console. 
    These should be edited as needed for deployment. recommended production requirements are:

        Processor: 12+ CPU cores at 2GHz or faster
        Memory: 128GiB 
        Storage: 1 TiB+

Notes on first connection:
    When logging into the VM for the first time the user will be forced to create a new
    password for the default account. If connecting via SSH the session will be disconnected
    after creating the new password. Simply reconnect with SSH and use the newly created password
    for login to proceed with running the install.sh script.

Notes on the OS:
    This VM uses Ubuntu 22.04 Server as the OS. The necessary postgresql 14 packages
    for the runzero platform have been pre-installed. 

Notes on install.sh shell script:

    This script will issue the necessary commands to install the runzero platform from the binary
    located in the home folder. It will prompt the user for an email to use as the initial superuser
    account. After providing the email at the prompt the following output will include the URL to access
    the console as well as the username (email provided) and login password.


Notes on SSH key regeneration:

    The VM has a systemd service running that will generate new SSH host keys
    when the OVA image is started for the first time. The service will disable itself
    after running.

    If it is more desirable to have SSH keys regenerated at each system restart then
    edit /etc/systemd/system/ssh_hostkey_regen.service and remove this line under the [service]
    section:

        ExecStartPost=/bin/systemctl disable ssh_hostkey_regen
 
    Then run 'sudo systemctl enable ssh_hostkey_regen'